version 2.18.1 (#1620)
kadena-io/chainweb-node: CHANGELOG.md

# `chainweb-node` Changelog

## 2.18.1 (2023-03-06)

This is a feature and bug-fix release. Upgrading is optional but recommended.

To upgrade, pull the latest docker image or download the binary and restart the
node.

All 2.18.* versions will expire on **2023-06-01T00:00:00Z**.

[Changes](https://github.com/kadena-io/chainweb-node/compare/2.18...2.18.1):

Performance Improvements:

*   Optimize JSON+base64 encoding. (#1611)
*   Use `application/octet-stream` encoding for P2P header queries. (#1619)

Miscellaneous:

*   Remove unused rate limiting configuration settings. (#1616)

> *   Remove CORS support from P2P AP. (#1616)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Remove CORS support from the P2P API. (#1616)
```

> *   Remove unsused hashes and SPV endpoints from P2P API. (#1616)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Remove unused hashes and SPV endpoints from the P2P API. (#1616)
```
